and suddenly your sign size
Benten nothing's wrong the string long
board fence snap
go stream that brings that part of the
temple the trap
when her kisses making too
she'll hold you tight
and you hate yourself
and all at once it seems so nice the
folks are growing shoes and right
husband we're gonna advance into the
sunset let's just do what everybody
thinks brewed these had the glist s--
the gloss and the glamour it was like
watching Ava Gardner
oh it just peel it was the performance
of the night for me yes Brandon why do
you always go and ruin things you put
three lifts in and you know the rules
only two I put it in I did justice to
the viewers energy
there are rules in this world you know
I'm going broke so many in my life right
great
sorry sorry Bruno cray yes and Rita
Hayworth you were never lovelier
gorgeous glamorous and a damn shame
about those three lists oh well there we
are that's it it's a great shame but you
must learn luminize okay the car with
you to start well done it was a
beautiful eight Dona I can't help myself
ten